README.md, before:

# WPupdatePHP library
Library to be bundled with WordPress plugins to enforce users to upgrade their PHP versions _or_ switch to a decent host.

## Installation
We recommend installing the library using [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/), as follows.

```
composer require wpupdatephp/wp-update-php
```

Another option is to download the [class file](https://github.com/WPupdatePHP/wp-update-php/blob/master/src/WPUpdatePhp.php) manually.

## Usage
Usage of this library depends on how you start your plugin. The core `check()` method does all the checking for you. You can output an admin notice in case the version requirement is not met.

For example, when you start your plugin by instantiating a new object, you should wrap a conditional check around it.

_Example:_

```php
$arguments = array(
    'php' => array(
        array(
            'version' => '7.0.0',
            'required' => false,
        ),
        array(
            'version' => '5.6.0',
            'required' => true,
        ),
    ),
);
$updatePhp = new WPUpdatePhp( 'Plugin Name', $arguments );
$updatePhp->check();

if ( $updatePhp->passes() ) {
    // Instantiate new object here
}

// The version check has failed, an admin notice can be shown
```

## Available arguments
The full list of available arguments:

```php
$arguments = array(
    'wordpress' => array(
        array(
            'version' => '3.7.1',
            'required' => false,
        ),
        array(
            'version' => '3.5.0',
            'required' => true,
        ),
    ),
    'php' => array(
        array(
            'version' => '7.0.0',
            'required' => false,
        ),
        array(
            'version' => '5.6.0',
            'required' => true,
        ),
    ),
);
```

## Including the library file
Adding the library via Composer has preference. The Composer autoloader will automatically take care of preventing including two classes with the same name.

In case you want to include the file manually, please wrap the include or require call in a [`class_exists`](http://php.net/class_exists) conditional, like so:

```php
if ( ! class_exists( 'WPUpdatePhp' ) ) {
	// do the file include or require here
}
```

## License
(GPLv2 license or later)

WP Update PHP Library
Copyright (C) 2015  Coen Jacobs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Readme now promotes installing this library through Composer/Mozart

README.md, after:

# WPupdatePHP library
Library to be bundled with WordPress plugins to enforce users to upgrade their PHP versions _or_ switch to a decent host.

## Installation
We recommend installing the library using [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/), as follows.

```
composer require wpupdatephp/wp-update-php
```

To prevent collisions, you can install this library inside your own prefixed class names (eg `CJ_WPUpdatePhp`), using [Mozart](https://github.com/coenjacobs/mozart) and we **highly recommend doing this** as it's currently the only way to prevent hard to debug conflicts.

## Usage
Usage of this library depends on how you start your plugin. The core `check()` method does all the checking for you. You can output an admin notice in case the version requirement is not met.

For example, when you start your plugin by instantiating a new object, you should wrap a conditional check around it.

_Example:_

```php
$arguments = array(
    'php' => array(
        array(
            'version' => '7.0.0',
            'required' => false,
        ),
        array(
            'version' => '5.6.0',
            'required' => true,
        ),
    ),
);
$updatePhp = new WPUpdatePhp( 'Plugin Name', $arguments );
$updatePhp->check();

if ( $updatePhp->passes() ) {
    // Instantiate new object here
}

// The version check has failed, an admin notice can be shown
```

## Available arguments
The full list of available arguments:

```php
$arguments = array(
    'wordpress' => array(
        array(
            'version' => '3.7.1',
            'required' => false,
        ),
        array(
            'version' => '3.5.0',
            'required' => true,
        ),
    ),
    'php' => array(
        array(
            'version' => '7.0.0',
            'required' => false,
        ),
        array(
            'version' => '5.6.0',
            'required' => true,
        ),
    ),
);
```

## License
(GPLv2 license or later)

WP Update PHP Library
Copyright (C) 2015  Coen Jacobs

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
